c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1.dll
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1.pdb
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.g.resources
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.dll
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.pdb
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\SignUpPage.g.cs
c:\users\jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\Dashboard.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.Strings.en_US.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\Expenditure.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\Income.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureAdd.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDelete.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\IncomeAdd.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\IncomeDelete.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\Account.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\AccountEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\Jim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\Views\IncomeEdit.g.cs
